Welcome to the hardcore Functional
Programming class in JavaScript.
Today we're gonna learn how to do point
free programming with currying and
composition.
And then we're gonna move into more
.syntax using functors and monads.
And we'll end up the class by just
playing around building an app.
So I'd like to thank Joe Nelson who
contributed a couple slides to this class,
and I'd like to say,
a lot of this stuff today is going to be,
kind of the ground work for a follow up
class called Functional Architecture that
will be a lot more application building.
Today's a lot of definitions but
you need it all to be able to build
pure functional applications.
So if you already know Ramda
you might wanna skip ahead but
this is the course for the type of
people who know map, filter, reduce and
want to just learn all there is to
know about functional programming.